This is an application that can be used for keeping track of daily tasks. The UI will allow users to be able to add tasks, filter through tasks, remove specific tasks, and delete all tasks. This app is great for individuals who might have trouble remembering their to do lists; this app gives the user an easy and quick way to keep track of what needs to be done!

I have decided to create this app as a way to refresh my working knowledge of front end development while also challenging myself to take on gaining knowledge of JQuery. As I (believe) I have a decent knowledge of JS but limited knowledge of JQuery, I think this project is a good opportunity to both re- educate my JS ability while also taking on the chance to gain a working knowledge of JQuery. Unfortunately I had to take quite a long break from coding to take advantage of the opportunity to work in the other field that I currently work in. When the work is available I feel I need to jump on it! Now that I finally have a break from running my business, I can now redirect my attention back to learning to code. 

I have been following Traversy Media for quite some time now and Task app is one of the projects that Brad Traversy created to help those interested in learning JS. This project is a good app to use for gaining a better understanding of front end developing. After having followed through creating this project on one of Brad Traversys' videos, I am now creating a task app of my own to put what I have learned to the test. After completion of this project, I hope that it will serve as a solid addition to my repertoire of JS projects!